catalog

it basically represents the list of items which includes categories and products
in hybris also we have catalog

to represent catalog in hybris we have catalogmodel.java in order to represent catalog

catalog is divided into 
1.product catalog
2.content catalog

product catalog deals with products that we see in the website
and content catalog deals with how content getting displayed in the website

for catalog we have catalogmodel.java
insert_update catalog;id[unique=true];name
			;apparel-uk;apparel uk;


we dont have a seperate itemtype for product catalog
the catalogmodel.java always talks about product catalog only

but we have contentcatalog.java for content catalog which extends catalogmodel
it represents content catalog 

in order to insert a query we need to say insert update catalog for product catalog
whereas in content catalog we need to say insert update contentcatalog because content catalog extends catalog ehich is parent and child relationship whereas the product catalog itself is catalog.

catalogversion-we have seperate class catalogversion.java
represents the catalog version. ->combination of catalog + version.

insert_upadte catalogverison;catalog(id) [catalog version will have reference to catalog ] ;version							apparel-uk;staged;
						apparel-uk;online;

version is nothing but string.

 staged- initially creating products categories,assigning somebody to verify then afterthat they move to online
online-in online version whatever we have we show it in storefront.

so if we have x in stage but not in online that category will not appear in storefront.
anything that has comes to website that must come to online..


getroot categories in catalog model.
this is a one to many
which is list<categorymodel> model..

category model - represent category.

for impex -> insertupdate category;code[unique=true];name;subcategory(code);
			electronics;electronics;mobile;
			furniture;furniture;tv;
											//after sync
insertupdate category;code[unique=true];name;supercategories(code);catalogversion
			;mobile;mobile;electronics;
			;tv;tv;electronics;


category-> zero or more supercategories or 
category -> zero or more subcategories
root category - does not have any root category
product - product model has the subcategories which is many to many

many product contain multiplecategories
multiplecategories contain many product (getsubcategories in product model.java)

any item type which will have association with catalog version they called catalog aware item type.
catalogmodel,categorymodel,productmodel all have catalog version 

synchronization...
it copies items staged to online.
we dont need to use impex statements.
if the online is empty it copies the whole staged as a copy
if the online contains it copies the only modified in staged.


base product-asus 8gb
variant prodcut extends productmodel- 8gb with blue
variant model will holds reference to baseproduct
