design architecture in hybris

called solution architecture or technical architecture

its not enterprise architecture..

any product htat comes online must have hsn.
specification is called classification in hybris

1 product has many models
multiple models has 1 product

its managed by db administration 

bdat
business data architecture.

ccv1        ccv2
bosch       cengage

business team or architect - business architecture
sme-subject material expert

user logged in carts available and we display in the cart page
if seller logged in he is an b2bunit
id
name
desc

sold party - the one which sells
b2c customer - buyeer is called build party
shipped party-
b2b unit- all courier services belongs to b2b unit

masterdata - product,price,b2bunit(sold,shipped),unit(kilogram),b2c customer(),product classification,address,order,promotion,coupon
1.within hybris 
2,sap ecc or erp or any 3rd party system

sap ecc-odata,scpi(process integration),scp po(process orchestration),sap sd(sales&distribution),sap mm(material management),sap brim(business revenenue management)

ecc product  push to pi-  tcode-transaction code to odata
        
odata to hybris integration using scpi(sap cloud platofrom integration)

hybris also having odata to compress all the datas 

ecc - odata - scpi - hybris db or odata hybris or modelservice.save using populator and converter
it will be staged version.

nightlybatch - product should be triggered using cron job at certain time.

rest template or web client 
json - it will convert into object 
using rest template we can search any out of the box populator or converter already available 
if yes we can reuse it for api call 

in ecc side - 
in hybris side - 

to set the data or send the data to scpi we need to write rest api with the layers .
transactional data with business process 

we can write cronjob for the model
override
iterate list of product using uid based on user
write rest template
use callforobject("url")
return new object of perform result


every core has a business process
we use converter and helper 

if there is ecc we have order fullfillment will happen at ecc.
when we have sap or non sap in place the reasons since we have odata 
bcoz we have have non sap system(system) in place thats why we have scpi as a middleware database .
speed is data analytic system.
in sap there is routing.
which checks wheather its coming from laptop or mobile
speed or scalar for data analytics
hybris-order placing system contains purchase order
comes to sap which is sales order.

since we have sap system fullfillment will happen in sap.
if there is no sap system the product placing system will happen within hybris

hybris oms is order fullfillment system.
pick pack process dispatch all returns with refund is fullfillment process.
sap database is sap hannah

idoc is an xml file which is 
depmas is b2b unit data.

we can create child b2bunit
6000 organization -cement
7000- paint
61 channel
60 division

dealer
trader
non-trader

if order is failed we can have change request(cr)

eyeoption ->search utcl->bgp product master replication->right side logs after attachment ->download 

all xmls of root are matmas which is zidbgp
sndorn tag- sender port for prod is 300
rcp-receiver port
integration flow is also called iflow
sender is called left side the receiver is right side
middle side will do enrichment or integration process


xslt is a mapping which is available in environment extractor

bgp product master replication -

s4 hana ->payload logger -> environment extractor ->bgp data extractor->xml to csv convertor -> commerce azure hotfolder


s4 - cloud integration - azure - hotfolder(csv converter)
sfa order creation - call from mobile application api

ctrl f5 and f6 
defaultplaceorderstrategy.java where all the order get passed through cart for checkout
 fullfillment process is based on business process
 order splitting strategy
 if the order gets splitted based on availability called consignment process
 if we have listeners for particaular model we must have event
 
 
 user management->create->s.userId,email,role->c.dev->disable 2 factor
 
 data folder->hybris folder ->custom folder put inside hybris folder
 new custom paste inside old custom folder place -_-