occ -> to enable occ we need to have ycommercewebservice extension.
you have to do ant extgen
provide the name of extension
and use ycommercewebservice as an base extension
and automatically get an new extension for web services
in that extension we will get the controllers and in that extension we have to modify things.

ycommercewebservice-always depends on facades

hybris implemented occ using oauth .we have to take the authorization and we have to take
credentials and based on that we need to take access token then we need to use this access token
for subsequent occ calls.


flow occ -> presentation jsp page and controllers -> facade -> services -> dao -> db
if u want to get the details from db then we will call the db and send the data to presentation layer.
and if u want to save in transaction we will have a form  and then convert that into model object and save it in db.

if we dont want to use jsp page or wcms component but still want to use hybris but only UI we dont want to manage in hybris.
this kind of architecture is called headless architecture means hybris is used without UI.
there is an option in hybris where they can choose 3rd party ui and hybris as backend.

3rd party UI -> facade -> services -> dao -> db

jsp and controllers -> storefront extension
facade -> facade extension.
service,dao -> core extension.

they are interdependent extension where storefront is dependent on facade extension and facade extension is dependent on core extension
so we can basically make a call to facade layer to controller by injecting a dependency on facade.
to make a dependency between these 2 layer we have extensioninfo.xml we have a require extension.
in storefront extensioninfo.xml we specify extension as facade.

so when it comes to 3rd party UI how to inject the facade dependency ?
in that case we can use occ it acts a layer b/w 3rd party Ui and hybris system.

3rd party UI or android app or ios app -> OCC -> facade -> services -> dao -> db
3rd party  will receive the response in the occ layer it always communicate with JSON

eg: to get list of product or list of customer or list of order
we have to make sure that list of orders to 3rd party
the particular ui call our occ and send the request to us and we will save the entire orders in hybris db